I'm Dabao Dabao, you're the big brother, it's beautiful
You're going to keep a secret for us.
Blue hair
Daddy took us away from mom
But I like to be able to sleep when my parents are not there
Live together
The seven of us can organize it openly
Then we can make do with Mommy together
I didn't pull a cat.
But I didn't go to Beijing Kindergarten
A little bit every week, he personally takes me to school
I didn't make an even day for them
Don't follow me
I'm much better now I can walk by myself
We're going to school today, Monday.
teacher
What about the teacher?
I know medicine is spread out
You sent it, where are you now?
Hello lawyer
I am your son-in-law
My milk wholesale is quite good, and I will live in the new hospital.
After learning, grandma, you can have as much money as you want.
I can't afford to raise my mommy, grandma wakes up
These two kids are so similar to the ones I gave them when I was a child.
Even more like Xiaochun, grandma
How is your heart?
Tomi is 12 years old
Thank you for saving me.
No effort
Wait a minute.
Let my grandson Baron thank you well
Baron
You are an old lady
Yeah girl
What's your name?
Grandma, I am a Chinese medicine practitioner.
Single name one month grandmother
Our mommy is the famous Moon God Doctor
You see the Moon God Doctor?
A hundred words is worth seeing.
I know your grandfather for a long time
I hugged you when you were a kid
Back then, a baron ordered a doll, dear.
But suddenly your grandfather moved to the country
This marriage is over
Grandpa moved to the country because of my disappearance
Now I'm back
The first medical family in the imperial capital
I can finally see the light of day
Grandma grows up happily for her children
I'm not considering marriage
But these two kids are so much like the baron, right?
The baron is coming soon
In case the baron sees the Four Treasures
What should I do if Wubao wants to grab the baby?
Oh no no no
I have to go, go, go.
Let's go